How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help
you see the bug that was introduced?
	diff makes it is relatively easy to see what has changed in a
	file and where the change occurs.  Since deltas are singled
	out and presented in close proximiy, the comparison
	space is minimized and subsequent bug detection is more 
	efficient.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?
	Easy access to different versions of a file can allow me to 
	revert back to a previous instance when a change is detrimental.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like
Google Docs does?
	A key pro of a manual approach is that it allows a more intelligent commit
	strategy that takes the nature and impact of changes into account.
	A key con of a manual approach is that it relies on the user to remember
	to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	There is diversity in version control systems because there is diversity
	in the use of those systems.  Presumably, in most cases, version control 
	systems are designed with a particular audience in mind.  During design,
	again presumably, decisions, like the commit policy, are resolved based
	on an idea of who the audience is and what their expecations\needs are.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log allows a review of timedate stamps and the change 
	implemented (as reported upon commit).  git diff allows the comparison
	of two individual files for a review of what was added or deleted between
	the commits represented.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could
break something?
	I would be more comfortable making changes knowing that a working version
	was retained and easily accessible.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I'm so drained by the setup process, I don't have an answer at the moment.